PRIVACY POLICY.

We, (PAVE BROADCASTERS COMMUNITY LIMITED) own the "PAVE Application" and also run the (broadcasterscommunity.com) primary website, including the associated subdomains linked to the related subsidiaries under project PBC. Basically, essence of this key correspondence is to inform you (valued visitors of our official web domains, and unique users of our digital products) about PAVE BROADCASTERS COMMUNITY policies regarding the collection, protection and legal usage of data linked to you.
Your Personal Information is purposely used to providing you with no less the best services due to you across our digital media spaces as subscribed respectively. Additionally, it is to ensuring that visitors and users always have best experience using PAVE BROADCASTERS COMMUNITY web domains and other associated digital products.
By accessing the BROADCASTERS COMMUNITY platform in association with related subsidiaries, you exclusively agree to the collection, protection and usage of your information either as directly provided by you or as digitally/electronically made available to us when the Operating System of your device interact with our server. This is without limitations to the use of our web domains and other linked digital products, and in line with the legal framework of this policy as published.

Information Collection and Usage.
Interacting with our web domains or using other related PAVE BROADCASTERS COMMUNITY digital products shall only when and where necessary, request you to supply us with certain personal data that is necessarily used to process services due to you across our digital spaces. This legal asks may include, but not limited to your legal names, or nicknames where applicable, active Email address, functional phone number etc.
Like many operators, our server via BROADCASTERS COMMUNITY web domains and other related digital products collects information that your browser sends whenever you visit our digital space, as related and without limitations to subscriptions, requesting specific services, lodging complains, and more related. The personal information we collect is solely and legally used to serving your interest, improve your experience on our web domains and other related digital products. PAVE BROADCASTERS COMMUNITY don't trade your personal data to any third party. We are committed to duly respect your privacy and adequately prioritize the required protection of your sensitive data.

Log Data.
Between the Operating System of your device and our server, the Log Data electronically transmitted while interacting with our web domains or using our digital products may include but not limited to information about your computer's Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our web domains and other digital products that you access, the time and date of your visit, the duration of your session per visit, and other related statistics.
In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze the information afore referred, purposely to rendering satisfactory services to you while using our web domains, and other digital products affiliated.

Communications.
As made available to us, we may use your Personal Information received to relate directly with you only when and where such may become necessary. This happens only through the transmission of newsletters, marketing/promotional information, helpful notifications, and other related relevant useful correspondence linked to the operations and services that PAVE BROADCASTERS COMMUNITY and her subsidiaries offer to the public.

Cookies.
These are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your computer's hard drive. Like many other websites, web domains linked to Broadcasters Community use "cookies" to collect information for the purpose of best user experience that you deserve while using our services.
You absolutely retain the right to instruct your browser to accept or reject all cookies. Also, you can decisively set your browser to indicate when a cookie is being sent or transmitted. However, kindly be informed that if you set your browser not to accept cookies, you may not be able to fully access certain portions of our web domains and other digital products as linked.

Security/Disclaimer.
The security of your Personal Information is essentially important to PAVE BROADCASTERS COMMUNITY and her subsidiaries, and we consistently take it seriously. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we are not able to assure absolute security. Reality of the absolute internet security is beyond the control of any operator, and this is because a known fact it is that, no system of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage may be 100% secure.

Changes to Our Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy became effective in November 2025, and would effectively remain valid until any due changes related to the provisions thereon in the future, which shall immediately be in effect after the revised version is officially published on this same webpage.
PAVE BROADCASTERS COMMUNITY reserves the right to update provisions of our Privacy Policy at any due time, and with or without prior public notice. Please do ensure to checking this our Privacy Policy webpage periodically or kindly remain subscribed to our newsletter via E-mail communication for latest updates.
The Privacy Policy as published on this webpage shall constitute your acknowledgment of the likely modifications in the future. It is equally considered that you are in agreement to fully abide and be bound by provisions of the Privacy Policy as made public. In a given circumstance that we make any material changes to the provisions of this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the Email address you have provided to us, or by publishing the notice as updated hereon our website for your information.
Please via the Email address provided below, be sure to contact us desirably in case you have questions about the PAVE BROADCASTERS COMMUNITY Privacy Policy, and soon as possible, any of the concerned handlers assigned will swiftly treat and attend to your concerns as received.
Email us at:
policy@broadcasterscommunity.com
We are grateful for your interest in PAVE BROADCASTERS COMMUNITY, her Subsidiaries, services and the associate digital products. You're Valued.
